you look like that statues baby brother
very fun ah ah-choo here's the gas well
we'll have to go and get the balloon no
we won't it looks like it's being
delivered please accept my apologies
your majesty
it's the professor isn't there something
I can do to make amends oh there most
certainly is professor I don't think the
professor's being invited in for tea
we've got to help them yes but we won't
get far unless we can get the balloon
working do you think we can hook it up
somehow
no problem Rupert basic plumbing
this holds we're ready we'll professor
it is now your turn to be the
laughingstock how about a dance number a
G little waltz perhaps you decide oh no
they're gonna make him dance that's not
so bad wait till you see OE dances
dancing really isn't my forte I seem to
have two left feet as they say and I say
dance now will cookie me better
Oh
time for your finale
we've got a disconnect that statue we
don't have time
there must be miles of pipe running
through this old temple you go and make
sure the balloon is ready to launch as
soon as the professor and I come running
how are you gonna get a mater there I'll
think of something I hope Oh No
wait for us you stupid balloon wasn't a
formal written apology suffice I'm
afraid I have to set an example that I
do widget subjects will understand now
this way professor run we've got to get
away yeah the Blues are Sanford what let
us go
dad doesn't find out about this it's One
for the Money two for the show three to
get ready and fly command you what I am
Edward fireguard
Lord of this temple
release the prisoners or you'll be sorry
you nothing
she's there for it
but with these stores you hurry ruffians
we're trying not yet
now what
Oh
no professor couldn't we discuss this
how's this for a finale
you I thought we were goners the
proverbial close shave I would say I'm
sorry Edward if it weren't for me you
wouldn't have gotten into this that's
for sure thanks Rupert what did you see
the look on that mean old cheese face ha
ha ha I guess we showed him we were
nearly barbecued will you be going
ballooning again to our professor most
emphatically no Edward I plan on
spending the next few months tending to
the gun
well then maybe Rupert and I could
borrow the balloon count me out it's
just better to be safe than sorry
oh come on Rupert where's your sense of
adventure